too much call duty for veteran
difficulty video walkthrough scenario
traveling back in time a little bit and
you are captain price yourself there's
moments at a nation all over this area
and too much this is a entirely stealth
mission stand by and there's an
achievement that you get for going
through this entire level without being
seen by anybody and if you swallow
everything that I do in this mission you
will get that achievement I wish I'd
looked up before I started recording
this um what the name that achievement
was but if you're really looking for it
you know it already its more common
terrific go away the best advice I can
get for this level is just listen to
macmillan and follow his instructions
almost every other level in the game
you're kind of doing your own thing and
you're kind of taking the point home but
for this mission you pretty much need to
listen to everything he says and follow
his footsteps exactly especially in the
later parts when you're crawling through
the troops legs you really need to
listen to what he says
and not me just yammering on yeah bring
on I think I'm just gonna make up words
arrest this we've got a look at the
church tower and the patrol coming from
the north why smoother for a better of
you
so you take out that a sniper in the
church tower approaching from if you
really want you can pick up his gun I
think he had an RPD there's a bunch of
RPGs in the church which is a kind of a
funny place to store such explosive
weapons but yeah teaches on right of
course this clear
you hear that
enemy helicopter get down stay in the
shadows
high school
get